Hi friends
back to you they have me to explain them
steps that one takes to know sometimes the
time to buy your fabrics to make the
clothes they want to make
you always have to take into account for
buy your fabric the measurements
because it is not the same amount of cloth
that you are going to buy to make a
mini skirt
than to make a long skirt or to
make pants then always on
the measures we are going to base that I have
how much fabric should I buy for example
for good trousers then for a
trousers once he has taken me
the measurements assuming that I'm off the
pants is 90 centimeters I have
to take into account there at least
another 5 centimeters more for bastilla
as long as the fabric has been
cut well and I have measured it well
always try one to buy a little
more foreseeing those details already if
you want
for example
They want to get pants because they already
I said he takes on his pants length
important time
if we are chubby or we are skinny
because if we are chubby, they do not come out
the two garments that is the two parts of
the two legs we do not reach out
then already at the time of cutting in cloth
let's see how we are going to put a stroke
and how are we going to put the other
put the other so that they can remove the
two when they do not reach us in the
same year
well there is so that they go see the
amount of fabric that they will buy that
if they want to make the bag
to complete the suit because they are going to
take what is your waist the length where
you want to drop them saquito
if it is at the hip or is longer according to
the length that you want more the
length of the sleeve and what are the
seen the bags all that with the
record milestones there we will try to
pull out all those dating pieces that we
They will be necessary that we're going to do
lack they want for example to make a
blouse long sleeve nothing because
they have to take their blouse length what
that details it in the length that
want longer sleeve longer than
sleeve
and do not forget also sometimes three or
five centimeters more for pill for
so that they remain in the long garment
that you want it, you want to leave
and the margin that you take when you say
that for example if they cut the grade the
how much is the margin that much extra
you bought
good I for example in a to make a
normal pants on a person who is going
to get out of the width the two are going to come out
the two legs
the two legs I'm buying
times a meter fifteen a meter are equal
up to twenty centimeters what they cut
thin then there to me and I
They removed 20 centimeters long of ate
but only after they cut the
novel after they cut the cloth
then foreseeing that always
buy 15 20 centimeters longer
that if we are chubby then there is not
buy 15 to 20 centimeters there is
Buy up to half a meter more
to be able to take out both legs that are not
you get added with the same strokes
that you can spare the pieces can be
very many summer
thank you for watching these
videos I hope you serve them